Securonis Linux 1.0

Tests were conducted.
Scripts were written.
Privacy Mode was tested.

Securonis Linux 1.1

Additional customizations and automation tools were added.


Securonis Linux 1.2

Fixed the issue where Calamares remained on the desktop.
Resolved the Nvidia driver issue; switched to the open-source Nvidia driver.


Securonis Linux 1.3

Tests were conducted.


Securonis Linux 1.4

Additional scripts and bug fixes.


Securonis Linux 1.5

Bug fixes.


Securonis Linux 1.6

Additional customizations and bug fixes.


Securonis Linux 1.7

Bug fixes and tests.


Securonis Linux 1.8 

Fixed script errors.
Changed the default wallpaper.
Strengthened Privacy Mode further and made some bug fixes.
Rebuilt the system from scratch based on Trixie.

Known Issues:
Calamares Package Manager 100 - I'm working on this issue and will fix it as soon as possible.

Securonis Linux 1.9

Fixed an issue where the desktop environment would not load after the system was installed
!- Calamares package manager 100 error fixed
Open source nvida drivers cause critical errors in the system, we are back to closed source drivers
The system will no longer be trixie based by default. I decided to build it based on Bookworm. My goal was to provide stability and solve trixie related problems.

Known Issues: 
Nvidia Systemd Service Failed - I'm working on this issue and will fix it as soon as possible.

Securonis Linux 2.0 - Test 

Partially resolved the Nvidia systemd service error.

The system was rebuilt based on trixie. The reason for this is that the dnscrypt-proxy package is not available in bookworm, I am working on the dns encryption feature. Also, the calamares interface is terrible and some of its features were not working.

Minor Bugs: Firmware bug - It doesn't look visually appealing so I'll close this ( Fixed )

USBTOOLKIT has been updated and renamed to Quick-USBKit. More features and improvements have been added and some unnecessary features have been removed. 

New Script - SecuronisDnsCrypt : A tool that makes it easy to encrypt DNS queries
New Script - System Hardening : A powerful automation tool for kernel hardening and network tuning
New Script - Panic Mode: A tool that allows you to check the system and network status in emergency situations and take advanced security measures.

Securonis Anonymous Mode Updated 1.2 : The ability to change hostname has been removed. Also, more information is now provided. Some bug fixes have also been made. 

* * * 

Privacy and Security tests completed ✓

Tools-Scripts Updates :

antimitm: Bug fixes and more detailed logs

Anonymous mode: Tor redirection is no longer requested and unnecessary status information has been removed, making the tool more functional.

Panic Mode: Fixed the problem of not being able to get information and perform leak tests while on the Tor network. Added DNS check option. Updated DNS change settings. Added privacy status check. Corrected privacy scores.

SecuronisDNSCrypt: Systemd error fixed.

System Hardening Settings: Fixed selinux bug, added macsec encryption option

Paranoia Mode: Paranoia kernel hardening settings have been prioritized



New Config: Firefox has now been made much more secure with its tweaks






